hi everyone this is easy and today we're
going to learn how to make my little my
football practice up really numbering
sensation spicy it's hot and it's a
traditional switch one dish it's
definitely one of my favorite thing to
eat and you know according to legend by
Pluto its invented by challenged shell
because she has pock mark on her face
that people start naming it my Bulldog
which means popmart grandma's being
curved and now let's get started with
this dish
okay so here are the ingredients or map
results we had start to look at into
cubes and we have nested see here we
have some salt sugar pepper citron
capricorn powder a little bit of sesame
oil
citron pepper what I oh and there's dark
soy sauce this hot audio there's chili
bean pick this garlic ginger and
cornstarch water and some scallion oh
and also a cup of water
so you may be wondering how to eat the
fried tofu here's the trick
we want to serve right so we can boil
the hot water white on the tone for
about 30 seconds going to make a pinch
of salt and this way did it make the
tofu more durable and market in texture
now
hench of salt
and drain all the excess of water
and now
make sure that your wok hot now we're
going to add a little bit of the more
you
about three three arrogant admin
could be wrong
now we're going to drive
teacher
the chili bean paste and uh Sichuan
peppercorn oil
tell them
as the water in
the rest of the season poutine
pepper shrimp pepper corn powder salt
and sugar and dark soy sauce
Oh
again
add the garlic
chili oil
and quite - water
and lastly at the scallion
my photo booth is ready
but some good